The green cylinder is ahead and to the right of the yellow block.
A green round cylinder is in the center of the table.
The green object in the middle of the grey platform.
A green octagon is located on the center of the gray ground, right and below the gold box.
Green cylinder located in the middle of the slanted grey square.
Green octogon prism added below the yellow box-like prism
the green sphere was added down and to the right of the yellow rectangular object.
There is now a green cylinder that is a tad east and more south of the yellow prism
The new structures green and cylindrical. It appears to be in the center of the platform.
The green cylinder was added down and to the right of the yellow rectangular prism.  The green cylinder is near the center of the plane.
there is a green cylinder located in the center of the grey shape.
A green ashtray-like octagonal polygon is in what looks like the middle of the large grey object, thus to the southwest of the yellow box. A shadow extends from behind the green object, and the top is darker than the sides.
The green cylinder is in the middle of the plane
The
The green 3D octagon is in front and to the right of the yellow cuboid box.
The new image is the same as the old except now there is a dark green octagon diagonally lower and to the right of the cube. 
A green octagonal prism was placed near the exact center of the gray plane, southeast of the yellow prism.
They now added a octagon shape box near the middle or on the lower right side of the yellow rectangular box
A green 3D cylindrical rectangle  was placed closer to the closer corner of the base.
A small, olive-colored, rectangular box is placed towards the furthest corner of a huge, gray, pentagon mat, away from me. A forest green, octagon prism is placed at the center of the same gray mat. There is a light source coming from 5 o'clock direction.
In the middle of the plane is a green cylidner.
This new object appears to be green, an octahedron, larger than the yellow object, and closer to the point of view. If the light source was where I imagined it in the previous answer, it would give this new object an even smaller shadow, but does not.
Green cylinder on gray surface
A fat, green cylinder sits in the middle of the gray surface, in front of the box.
the brown cylinder was placed closer to me than the orange cylinder
the cylinder is green, and sits in the center of the plane
green octagon block placed in front and to right of yellow block
The wide, green cylinder is to the right of and in front of the yellow rectangle.
The object is a thick, green cylinder situated near the center of the grey plane
a hexagonal type object to the lower-right of the brick
