a blue brick is to the left of the puce cube, very near the left edge of the table
The light blue object
teal box to the left of the purple box.
Shorter, wider box-like prism added to the left of the original box
Light blue/turqoise cube that is stockier and not as tall as the others.
The blue rectangular prism is located to the left of the purple cube.  The blue rectangular prism is half the height and has the same footprint of the purple cube.  The blue rectangular prism is near the top-left corner of the plane.
there is a blue rectangle to the left of the purple box
a light teal box, this time about the same dimensions as the maroon box, but only half, if not a third, as tall. It is also aligned with the maroon box, stationed just to the northwest.
The flat light blue box is to the left of the purple cube
A short light blue cube is to the left of the light purple cube.
There is a shorter turquoise cube added to the left of the purple cube. 
They now added a cyan color cube next to the left side of the purple cube. This cyan cube is level lower than the purple.
teal 3d square
A purple box is places closed to the furthest corner of a huge, pentagon, gray mat. A small, skinny, Pakistan green box is on the right of purple box. A teal pizza box is on the left of the purle box. The light source is coming from 5 o'clock direction.
Directly to the left of the pink cube is a teal cube.
The light blue object is placed also in the back and to the left of the other two objects. It is the shortest but very much the same width as Purple.
Teal brick to the left of the previous two bricks
A horizontal teal rectangular prism is west of a purple cube.
A cyan flat box sits next to the magenta box.
the pink block is to the left of the purple and brown blocks
the box is teal, and sits to the left of the other two blocks, forming a line
blue block placed to left of first pink block
The light blue box is to the left of the purple box.
The object is a thin cyan cube located close to the left edge of the grey plane, in line with previous shapes
a short cyan block east of the purple one, and parallel to it
