a larger cylinder, this one green, is to the left of the green disk
The left green object
Taller, thinner cylinder added to the right of the other green cylinder.
Taller octogon prism added to the left of the previous object as well as farther behind
Dark green and to the left of the precious structure. Tallest of the three.
The green cylinder was added to the left of the green disc.  The green cylinder is near the center of the top-left portion of the plane.
there is a smaller green cylinder above and to the left of the original green cylinder
Another green cylinder, except this time it is proportionally the same as the blue cylinder, only twice as large and positioned somewhat northwest of the shorter green cylinder.
The taller green cylinder is to the left of the short green cylinder
A taller green 3D octagon is to left and behind the shorter fatter one.
A taller but smaller in width green cylinder was added to the left of the green octagon. 
They added a hexagon/octagon green color shape on the 100 clock position.
green cylinderical tube
A short, cyan cylinder and a green, octagon prism shares the center of the gray area. At 10 o'clock direction, there is a taller green octagon prism.
The green cylinder is behind the green disk
The new green octahedren is similarly colored to the previous placed object in the middle, and much taller.
There are now two green cylinders on the gray surface
A green cylinder was placed northwest of the green octoganal prism
A tall and skinny cylinder sits almost equally apart from the flat green cylinder as the light blue cylidner.
there is a taller brown rectangle to the left of the shorter one
the cylinder is green, and sits behind the disk, to the left 
green cylinder placed to left and behind green octagon
The taller green cylinder is to the left of and behind the wider, shorter, first green cylinder.
The object is a tall green cylinder, about two thirds the diameter of the green disk, located to the top-left of the green disk and near the left edge of the grey plane
a green cylinder west of everything else
