The yellow cylinder is to the left of the blue sphere.
a small gold cylinder is near the back left corner of the table.
The yellow object.
Yellow cylinder located in upper right of slanted grey square.
yellow cylinder added to the left and slightly farther than the sphere
The cylindrical structure is behind the blue object and is standing upright.
The yellow cylinder was added up and to the left of the blue sphere.  The yellow cylinder is near the top of the top-left portion of the plane.
there is a yellow cylinder located above and to the left of the blue ball.
A yellow cylinder, stationed to the northwest of the blue sphere. I also now realize that I probably used directions wrong before. I am directionally retarded, forgive me.
The yellow cylinder is to the left of the blue sphere
A yellow 3D octagon is placed to the left and behind the blue object.
There is now a yellow object that is to the left and towards the upper left corner of the area. 
A yellow cylinder was placed west and very slightly north of the blue sphere.
They added a cylinder next to the blue sphere. The yellow sphere is near the top left side.
yellow cylinderical object further from blue sphere
A blue sphere is placed on the furthest edge of a huge, pentagon, gray mat. A short, olive-colored cylinder is placed left to the sphere, close of the furthest corner on the same mat. There is a light source from 4 o'clock direction.
In the back left side of the plane is a yellow cyilider.
This yellow octahedron is smaller than the ball and appears to be very back in the picture
Yellow cylinder across from blue sphere
A yellow cylinder sits to the left of the blue sphere.
the orange cylinder is more distant and to the left of the blue ball
the cylinder is yellow, and is located to the left of the blue ball.
yellow cylinder placed to left and back of blue ball
The cylinder is to the left of and slightly behind the sphere.
The object is a yellow cylinder, situated to the upper left-hand corner on the grey plane, with respects to the blue sphere
a yellow cylinder northwest of the original object.
