The red disc is in front of the blue sphere.
a red disk is just in front of the blue ball.
The red object.
Shorter and wider red cylinder near the center of slanted grey square.
Short red Octogon prism added in front of the blue sphere but slightly closer to viewer
The red object looks to be near the center of platform and in front of the blue object
The red disc was added directly south of the blue sphere.  The red disc is located in the bottom-left corner of the top-right region of the plane.
there is a red circle just below and to the left of the blue ball
A flatter and wider red cylinder, to the southwest of the blue sphere, close to being in line with the west edge of the grey object these models sit upon.
The red cylinder is in front of the blue cylinder
A short red 3D octagon is placed in front of the blue object.
There is a red octagon shaped slice that is below the blue object. 
A short red octagonal prism was placed south of the blue sphere, near the center of the gray plane.
They added a red hexagon shape below the blue sphere. 
red 3D disk next to blue sphere
A blue sphere is placed on the furthest edge of a huge, pentagon, gray mat. A short, olive-colored cylinder is placed left of the sphere. A red octagon flat prism is placed in front of the sphere. There is a light source from 4 o'clock direction.
In front of the blue ball is a red disk.
This very short red octahedron is below both the yellow and blue objects, but appears to be in between them at least in the x-plane.
Red cylinder next to blue sphere
A flat red cylinder sits in front of the blue sphere.
the red circle is closer to me than the blue ball
the disk is red, and located in front of both the blue ball and the yellow cylinder, in line with the blue ball.
red octagon place din front of blue ball
The wide red cylinder is in front of the blue sphere and in front of and to the right of the yellow more narrow cylinder.
The object is a red disk, about the same diameter as the blue sphere, and is situated directly parallel to the blue sphere on the grey plane. 
a red disk that is south of the cylinder
