To the right, and closer to me, is a green brick standing on its edge
The green object away from the objects group
Another green box added to the right of the other green box.
Another Green rectangular prism added to the right of all other objects and also closer to viewer
Newest structure appears to be displaced to the right of the other structures and is dark green.
The green square is standing up near the center of the top-right portion of the plane.  The green square is down and to the right of the green cube.
there is a green rectangle below and to the right of the first green box
Nos there is just a lame, tall, thin, green box, short face positioned towards the user, aligned with the other boxes but to the southwest such that only its shadow dares get close to the other shapes (though it is not quite past half the grey object).
The vertical green box is to the right of the other group of boxes
A short green 3D square on its side is to the right of the other objects.
There is a taller green rectangular object that is not in line with the other objects but to the right and a little lower in the gray area. 
They added a more rectangle looking box on the lower right side of the other green box.
green thin 3d square
A teal pizza box is on a corner of a big gray mat. A purple box is right to the teal box, follow by a small olived shoes box and a skinny green box. At 4 o'clock direction, a green pizza box stands up tall, sidewase.
Towards the right side of the plane, in front of and off to the side of the green tower is a green cube.
The newly added green object appears to have the same width as Yellow, but appears to be the tallest of the bunch. It is placed closer to the point of view and to the right than the other green object.
New green brick is away from the others
A second rectangular prism is placed southeast of the other prisms in the eastern hemisphere.
A flat but vertical square box sits away from the other objects.
the brown block is to the right and closer to me than the other blocks
the box is green, and sits in front of the line of blocks, on the right side. The long side of the new box faces the line of blocks
green block placed in front of and to the right of all other blocks
The skinny green box is to the right of and in front of the first green box.
The object is a green rectangle, placed on its long end, located to the upper-right of the center of the grey plane
a green block southeast of the collection
