The blue on the center line
teal box added to the upper left of the red box.
blue rectangular object added between previous two objects, as well as farther away from viewer
Light blue cub behind other two objects.
the blue square was added up and to the right of the purple rectangular prism.  the blue square is up and to the left of the red rectangular prism.  The blue square is near the center of the top portion of the plane.
there is a blue box above and to the right of the red box
a light blue box is to the north of the midpoint between the red and magenta boxes. The light blue box is similar to the brick, except positioned with its short, long face toward the viewer, and is perhaps 1.5 times as small.
A turquoise cuboid box is behind the other two.
A turquoise cube is above the first two objects but in the space between the two. 
THe light blue box is behind the other boxes
teal rectangular block
A magenta prism and a red tissue box shares the center. A cyan tissue box is equally spaced in between, a step behind the magenta prism and red box.
There is a teal rectangular prisim between and behind the tower and thered rectangular prisim.
The cyan box is on its side just like the red object, but is smaller than it in width height and length.
There is a teal brick behind the other two bricks
A flat cyan box sits in proximity to the other boxes/cubes.
there is a pink rectangle further away from me and between the other two objects
A teal rectangular prism was placed north and centered of the two previous shapes.
the box is teal, and is between the other two blocks, but further back in the plane
blue rectangular block added behind , but in between, existing blocks
The light blue box is between the purple and red boxes horizontally and behind both of them.
The object is a cyan rectangle, about half the dimensions of the red rectangle, and is located just north of the center of the grey plane
a triangle of objects
on the top side there is a light blue there is a rectangle cube.
