The yellow block is to the right of the red disc.
a square gold brick is near and to the right of the red disk. 
The ellow square object.
Narrow yellow box to the right of the red cylinder.
Upright yellow square prism set to the right of the red prism but also slightly closer to the viewer
A yellow wall is to the right of the red object. The wall's shadow touches the object next to itself.
The yellow square was added to the right of the red disc.  The yellow square is standing up.  The yellow square is oriented at the bottom-center of the top-right portion of the plane.
there is a yellow square to the righe of the red circle
A thin, flat, cracker-like yellow box, the large face horizontally aligned with the bottom side of the flat grey object
The yellow cube is to the right of the red cylinder
A short 3D yellow square is placed on its side to the right of the red object.
Now there is a yellow rectagular cube to the right of the red slice. 
A thin yellow rectangular prism was placed east of the red octagonal prism.
They added a rectangular box on its side next to the red hexagon. It is on the right side of the hexagon.
thin 3D square object next to red disk
There is a blue sphere placed closely to the furthest edge of a huge, pentagon, gray mat. A short, olive-colored cylinder is left to the sphere. A red, octagon, prism is in front of the sphere. An olive, square prism is on the right, next to the octagon.
Directly to the right of the red disk is a yellow cube.
The yellow box-shaped is a darker yellow than the second object, but as tall as the blue object. Its shadow is covering the red octahedron as it is quite close to it.
Yellow brick next to red cylinder
A skinny yellow cube sits to the right of the flat red cylinder.
the orange block is tot he right of the red circle and in front of the blue ball
the box is pale yellow, and is located to the right of the red disk, which is in front of both the blue ball and the yellow cylinder, in line with the blue ball
yellow block place to right of red octagon
The yellow square is to the right of the red cylinder and aligned with the cylinder's side farthest away from the blue sphere.  It is to the right of and in front of the blue sphere, and to the far right and in front of the yellow, narrow cylinder.
The object is a yellow square, about the same thickness as the red disk, and is standing longitudinally. The square is situated directly to the right of the red disk on the grey plane. 
 a yellow brick east of all the other stuff.
