A bigger green brick standing on its edge has been placed in front of the small red brick and obscures it
The green at the original red place
taller green box added directly in front of the small red box.
Larger square-like prism placed in front of red object, preventing any visibility
Dark green and is covering up the red structure completely.
The larger green square is standing up near the center of the top portion of the plane.  The green square is to the right of the smaller green square.  The green square obscures the red rectangle completely from view.
the red rectangle has been replaced by a larger green square
OH NO! A taller, wider, more cracker-like version of the other green box is now sitting right in front of the brick such that I can no longer see it.
The large green box is in front of the red box
A larger 3D green square is to the right of the smaller green object.
The red object was replaced with a second green rectangular shaped object but is bigger than the first one. 
larger thin green 3D square
A magenta can is on the left side of the gray area. A red cigarette box lies at 2 o'clock direction from the magenta can. A green cookie box is right behind the magenta can. and a green cereal box is right next to the cookie box.

Directly in front of the red rectangular prisim is a green cube.
This green object appears to be a larger replication of the previously placed green object, but it covers or hides the red object.
The red brick changed into a green brick
A bigger green rectangular block now sits in front of the previously visisble red rectangle.
there is a large brown sqare in front of the brown block that was laying down
A tall green rectangular prism has either replaced the short red rectangular prism or was placed just in front of it.
the box is a larger version of the other green box, and sits where the brick used to be
large green block placed in front of red block
There is now a larger, thicker rectangle placed on its edge in front of the red rectangular prism on the side closer to the grey rectangular prism's center
The object is a green rectangle, about as twice as large as the smaller green rectangle, and is located at the spot of the previous red rectangle 
The taller green box is to the right of and in front of the smaller green box.  It is blocking my view of the much shorter, red box.
a bigger green block southeast of the smaller green block
The red have been replaced with a green rectangle cube.
