Another brick, this one blue, partly obscures the small green brick.
The blue in the objects group
blue box added in front of the shorter green box.
blue square-like prism placed in front of third object
Dark blue, looks like large wall covering a part of the green structure behind it.
The blue cube is between the smaller green square and the purple cylinder.  The blue cube is near the center of the top-left portion of the plane.
there is a blue square below the small green square 
a blue box like the last green cracker, but thicker, is now sitting at the midpoint between the shorter green box and the purple cylinder. You can still see the green box.
The blue box is in between the small green box and the purple cylinder
A taller blue 3D square on it's side is between the smaller green square and the light purple object.
There is a blue rectangle cube added in between the pink and first green object. 
blue thin square 3d
A magenta can is on the left side of the gray area. A blue pie's box is behind the magenta can, stands sidewase. A green cookie box is right behind the blue pie's box. and a green cereal box is right next to the cookie box.
Right between the pink cylidner and the green rectangular prisim is a blue cube.
The blue object is placed in between the smaller-green object and the purple object. it is roughly the same size as the larger green object
The blue brick is in front of one of the green ones
A large but skinny blue box sits inbetween the magenta cylinder and smaller green blocks.
there is a blue square in between the purple cylinder and the smaller brown block
A tall blue rectangular prism was placed in front of the first green rectangular prism.
the box is blue, and sits between the cylinder and the smaller green box
large blue block placed in fron tof smaller green block
A thicker blue rectangular prism is now placed on its edge between the pink cylinder and the smaller green rectangular prism
The object is a blue rectangle, thicker than the large green rectangle, but about the same height. The blue rectangle is located in between the small green rectangle and the purple cylinder. 
The tall, wider, blue box is between the smaller, green box and the purple cylinder.
a blue block south of the green ones, but north of the cylinder.
There is a blue cube next to the original green shape.
