a tiny pink disk is to the immediate left of the green ball.
The purple object between two objects
Small purple cylinder added to the right of green cylinder.
small pink cylinder added just to the left of the original sphere
Small pink cylinder structure sitting next to green sphere.
the purple disc was added to the left of the green sphere.  The purple disc is smaller than average.  The purple disc is located in the right-center of the top-left portion of the plane.
there is a purple cylinder between the green ball and the blue ball
a magenta cylinder, shorter and fat, but considerably smaller than either sphere, sits just southwest of the green sphere, 1/4 the distance closer to the green sphere than the blue sphere.
The pink cylinder is to the left of the green sphere
A small light purple 3D octagon is to the left of the green object.
A pink cylinder shaped object was added slightly to the left of the green sphere. 
purple cylinder disk
A Pakistan green ball is placed close to the furthest edge on the gray, pentagon area. A blue ball is placed at 8 o'clock direction from the grenn ball. A magenta CD stack case is at  08:30 direction, very close to the green ball.
Directly to the left of the green ball is a pink cylinder.
The purple object appears to be a very small octahedron, smaller than any object has been thus far and in between the blue and green objects (but nearer to the green).
There is a purple cylinder next to the dark green sphere.
A flat, pink cylinder sits to the left of the green sphere.
there is a pink cylinder next to the brown sphere
A small pink cylinder was placed just southwest of the green sphere.
the cylinder is small and magenta, and sits to the left of the green ball
purple cylinder added to table top between blue ball and green ball
The snall purple cylinder is to the left of and just in front of the the green sphere.
The object is a violet disk, about half the diameter of the green sphere, and is situated directly to the left of the green sphere on the grey plane
A purple cylinder between the spheres
purple cylinder near the green ball
