The yellow block is in the back left corner.
A gold brick is far back, on the left side of the table.
The light green-yellow object on the left-up conner.
A gold box is located on the left top side over the gray ground.
yellow box located on upper left of slanted grey square.
Small, short box-like prism located at the top left of the surface
the yellow rectangular object is near the top left region of the plane.
there is a small yellow prism that is way up north.
Yellow structure that is near the left hand corner of the platform
The yellow rectangular prism is in the center of the top-left portion of the plane.
there is a yellow rectangle located near the upper left corner of the grey shape.
Yellow, elongated box, shadow pointing to the northwest, also sitting atop the grey object. It is in the top corner of the grey object.
The yellow rectangular prism is by the far corner.
The yellow cube is located on the platform.
The yellow cuboid box is placed toward the rear left corner.
There is a green cube in the northwest area of the gray object. 
A yellow rectangular prism is located in the northwestern hemisphere of the gray plane.
This time the rectangular box is the top left hand side.
The original gray base, now a yellow 3D rectangle is place in the furthest corner.
A small, olive-colored, rectangular box is placed close to a corner of a huge, pentagon, gray  mat. The box is placed closed to a corner that has the furthest distance from me.
Near the back left corner of the plane is a yellow rectangular prisim.
The object in the picture appears to be a cuboid, yellow, and casts a small shadow implying the light source is behind the point of view but pretty high up as it is not a long shadow.
Yellow brick on gray surface
A yellow flat rectangular block sits towards the back corner of the gray surface.
the orange rectangle is in the plane
the box is yellow, and toward the back of the plane, on the left side
green block on far left side of table
The yellow rectangle is on the far left side of the rectangular plane.
The object is a small, yellow rectangle, situated in the upper left corner of the grey plane
a small brick in the corner of a large square
