a small yellow brick lies flat between the puce cube and the green one
The light green-yellow object between blue and green.
Yellow box added between purple and green box.
yellow rectangular box added directly between purple and green prisms
New structure is lying in between the purple and green structures.
The yellow rectangular prism is occupying the space between the green cube and the purple cube.  The yellow rectangular prism is a quarter the height of the purple cube and the green cube.
there is a yellow rectangle between the green box and the purple box
I am prophecy! There is now a short, long yellow box, even shorter than the teal box, even thinner than the green box, sitting in the gap between the green box and the maroon box.
The yellow box is in between the purple and green boxes
A yellow cuboid box is between the green and light purple cubes.
There is an even smaller yellow rectangular cube that is inbetween the purple and green cubes. 
They added a rectangular box between the green and purple shape. The yellow box is thinner than the green and purple.
yellow 3d rectangle
A purple box is places closed to the furthest corner of a huge, pentagon, gray mat. A teal pizza box is left to the purle box. A small, skinny, Pakistan green box is right to the purple box. A small, olived box is in between of purple & green box. 
In between the pink cube and the green tower is a yellow rectangular prisim.
This short but long yellow object is placed in between Purple and Green. Yellow appears to be touching each shape.
Yellow brick between the green and magenta ones
A yellow horizontal rectangular prism is inbetween the purple cube and the green rectangular prism.
A flat yellow rectangular box sits between the pink and green boxes.
the orange block is in between the purple and brown blocks
the box is yellow, and sits in between the green and the magenta boxes
yellow block placed in between puple block and green block
The short yellow box is touching the edges of the purple and green boxes.
The object is a thin yellow rectangle placed in between the purple cube and green rectangle
a yellow block connecting the purple and green blocks
